[Dobie Gray's "Drift Away"]
Three, three,
three, three, three,
four, four, four...
[singing] You know that's
a game that I hate to lose
Four...
five,five,five,
five, five.
Okay.
[distant metal thumping]
Everyone remember the rules?
Rock and roll
and drift away
Are you sure
this is the best idea?
What else are we gonna do?
I wanna get lost
in your rock and roll
And drift away
Okay, have you got
any eights?
Uh... go fish.
[soft brooding music]
Hey.
It's your turn.
Think that
I'm wasting time
Um--um.
Do you have any threes?
Go fish.
World outside
is so unkind
Okay, do you have any...
The "Resolute" made
23 routine trips.
So what happened to ours?
There's no use
in speculating.
[alarm beeping]
Completing de-orbit burn.
Helmets on.
And drift away
yeah give me the beat...
Begin entry phase
in 30 seconds.
[helmets clicking, hissing]
And drift away
[sighs]
Kay, um, it's still my turn.
Do you have any nines?
Seriously, Penny?
What?
Did you see my hand?
You count cards.
I don't know
why everyone doesn't.
Kay, can I have my nine,
please?
When I'm feelin' blue
Guitar's comin' through-
[loud mechanical rumbling]
[alarms blaring]
Music off.
Atmospheric disturbance
detected.
Deep breaths.
Remember your training.
The computer will
land us just fine.
That's what it's for.
Deep breaths.
[dramatic music]
[whooshing]
[loud clank]
Impact detected.
Landing trajectory off course.
[whimpering]
Mom.
Take my hand.
It's okay.
Hold onto me!
Warning.
Entry angle
exceeding parameters.
Correcting.
We're at 4,000 feet.
[groans]
It's okay.
[whimpering]
3,000 feet.
Entry angle exceeding
parameters.
Take my hand.
2,000 feet.
1,000 feet.
Brace for impact.
[booming]
[pained grunts]
[rumbling, booming]
[Yelps]
[all gasping]
[alarm blaring]
Sound off.
Judy accounted for.
Penny accounted for.
[whimpering]
Will.
Will!
Are you all right?
Accounted for.
[metal screeches]
Landing surface unstable.
Let's evacuate.
Supply cabinet.
Already on it.
Maureen.
It's my leg.
Mom?
It's fine.
It's just stuck.
It's okay.
I got this.
You go get the supplies.
Will, come on, follow me.
Damn it!
[groaning]
Will, stay close.
I'm coming.
Quick, to the top hatch.
Come on.
Here, hold on.
[suspenseful music]
[mechanical whirring]
[groans]
[wind howls]
It's jammed!
Will, come on up.
Okay.
Landing surface is unstable.
Judy!
PIT]
Come on.
[suit clanks]
I--I don't fit.
We have to go around.
Don't go anywhere.
We'll come around.
[foreboding music]
[wind howling]
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
Wow.
[distant booming]
[ships whooshing]
[sighs]
Are those other Jupiters?
At least eight.
We're not the only ones
that made it.
Made it where?
Here, sit down.
Ah...
Lucky, I just happened
to be here.
Lucky thing.
[ice cracking]
[rumbling]
No,no,no!
[metal creaking]
[foreboding music]
[Dean Martin's "Let It Snow"]
So, who's
my Secret Santa?
[singing] ls so delightful...
[scoffs]
Place to go
Let it snow
let it snow let it snow
Ta-da.
Are those my mom's cookies?
Grandma wasn't here
to bake them this year,
so, gave it a shot.
She never trusted me
with the recipe.
I don't know,
I guess I'm just special.
[laughs]
So, where are you
these days?
You know he can't say.
Well, wherever you are,
it's night.
Which rules out Europe,
Africa, the Middle East,
Asia, Australia--
Is that our hedge?
[laughs]
What?
You guys are too smart.
[door lock clinks]
[gasps]
Dad!
[gentle music]
I missed you!
flaughs]
You're home!
Oh, my God.
Let me in.
Ew, you guys...
Gross.
Get a room.
What did you bring me?
flaughs]
You know how many strings
I had to pull to get here?
[phone beeps]
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
What?
When?
Astronomers at the
Near-Earth Object office
discovered a sizable,
unknown celestial object
that's headed our way.
NASA scientists are working
around the clock
to track the object's
orbital path and to
assess the risk of collision.
lhaveit
A news briefing
has been scheduled--
I'm gonna take a look,
okay, Mom?
Mm-hmm.
[pained gasp]
It's broken.
Well, that's too bad.
Hey, you took time
to grab that?
Who are you planning to call?
I grabbed a pack.
I did what
I was supposed to do.
Hey, kids.
Could be worse.
How'?
[soft music]
Mom!
Hey--hey--hey,
what are you doing?
We haven't tested
the atmosphere.
[inhales] You already did.
Look.
If the air was toxic
you'd be dead by now.
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
Not a bad consolation prize.
First fresh air in months.
[flare booms]
[soft hissing]
[radio clicks]
Mayday, mayday.
This is "Jupiter 2."
Do you read?
Over.
[radio clicks]
Probably should have read
the fine print
before I launched into space.
Okay, let's figure out
where we are.
We evacuated
the "Resolute" halfway between
home and the colony--
Just call it Earth.
It's not your home anymore.
Earth and the colony.
This planet is unlike
any we have ever mapped.
Wherever we are, I--
It's a Goldilocks planet.
Earth-like atmosphere,
air pressure, gravity,
clearly no lack of water.
It's...
The odds of
that happening are...
It's--it's like
winning the lottery.
Why not dying in
a car accident?
It's like winning the lottery.
Till you remember you're
in a car accident.
We're lost.
No kidding.
I can't raise any
of the other Jupiters.
"Resolute" will send
a rescue party. Right?
I'm sure they'll follow
emergency protocol.
Hey, where does it hurt?
All across here.
It's from the crash harness.
It's normal.
To you, maybe, not to him.
He didn't
mean anything by it.
Yeah, maybe he just forgot
we're not under his command.
It's okay.
Here, ready?
Inhale.
[inhales]
Hold.
[both exhale]
[distant rumbling]
[all gasp]
Is that another crashed ship?
You're disappointing me.
Look at the color.
It's bright white...
If it was rocket fuel,
it would be reddish.
Right.
Okay, hint.
It's not a chemistry question.
It's a geology question.
[distant rumbling]
Once that water freezes
the "Jupiter's"
gonna be locked in
50 feet of solid ice.
How long do we have?
A while.
How long is a while?
It depends...
on hull thermodynamics,
water salinity,
how much displacement
there is.
It's complicated.
Does it matter?
You tell me.
I know you've already done
the calculations.
We should talk about
this privately.
Do you two mind
letting us in on this?
[soft dramatic music]
In six hours,
the sun's gonna go down
and indications are it will
drop to 60 degrees below 0.
At which point
our power cells will die--
And so will we.
We can't go anywhere
because of your leg.
I am still figuring it out.
What if you can't?
Then you leave me here.
You descend the glacier and
it'll be warmer down there.
Mom, stop.
No, Mom.
There's another way.
We go back down.
Get one of
the big ion lithiums
to recharge the suits.
Not with that
tear in your suit.
Airlock's too far.
You'll be dead in minutes.
The broken top hatch.
It's closer.
It'll only be a quick trip
in and out.
He's the only one who'll fit.
No, absolutely not.
He did the same training,
passed the same tests.
You can't train for this.
Actually, you can.
And he did.
Will.
John!
Come with me.
Come on.
John!
You're okay.
You got to listen to me.
All you have to do
is go back in
the same way you came out.
Supplies room's right there.
It's easy.
Kay?
Take your jacket off.
Okay.
Hey-hey, buddy-
It's no different from
the EVA tank training
you did back home, kay?
I'm gonna get the suit.
[foreboding music]
Okay.
Here we go.
Let's put this back on.
[groans]
I got this, squirt.
Judy.
Get back up here right now.
You know you won't
fit through the top hatch.
[deep breath]
The top hatch isn't
the only way in, Dad.
The supply room is too far
from the aft air-lock.
It's too risky.
You take risks for
a living, Dad.
No, I take orders, and
I'm giving you one right now.
I'm already in.
[soft laugh]
Listen to me.
She's gonna be okay.
Okay, she's always okay.
It's actually...
really annoying.
[grunts]
[metal thuds]
[grunting]
The bulkhead's jammed.
I can't get through.
Okay well, that settles it.
Get back up here right now.
I can make it.
[grunts]
Damn it.
Honey, I don't know
when the water's gonna freeze.
I'm fine.
[grunts]
[sighs]
Hey, Judy.
Judy, why can't
we see you by now?
Judy?
Took a chariot battery.
You're down in the garage?
[ice splintering]
Get out of there right now!
Yeah, good idea.
[dramatic music]
Judy, hurry up.
Faster.
Move.
Hurry!
Come on, Judy.
Drop the battery.
Drop the battery!
[grunting]
Take my hand!
[grunts]
[grunting]
Damn it!
[ice hardens]
[panicked breaths]
I--I can't move!
Get me out of here!
Get me out--get me out!
Get me out--
[panicked breaths]
Okay. Okay.
Okay, listen.
Control your breathing.
[deep breaths]
Penny, get the computer.
I can break through it.
It's gonna be okay.
Your suit will keep
you warm and--
You've got at
least five hours of oxygen.
Okay.
Just don't talk any more
than you have to, okay?
Mm.
Hey.
You're in worse shape
than you look.
Is that a compliment?
You need to get some rest.
I need to help my baby girl.
We Will.
[pained moans]
No more doing anything
until I say so.
[pained sighs]
Maureen?
Maureen.
Is she okay?
Dad?
It's okay.
She's just resting.
[radio beeps]
Judy.
Judy, I just want to say--
Don't talk to me, please.
[forlorn music]
[grunting]
You're almost to me, right?
[panting]
Yeah, I'm...
I'm getting there.
[panting]
[grunting]
[distant rumble]
[ice chipping]
[panting]
What is it?
The white fire.
I figured out what it is.
I don't have time for this.
[grunting]
I mean, when we crashed,
we must have scraped open
a pure vein of it.
Vein of what?
Magnesium.
Magnesium burns hot.
But you know what makes
it burn hotter?
Ice.
Judy,I got
to go get something.
You're leaving?
It'll help get you out.
I'll be back.
[soft dramatic music]
You're gonna have
to hold down the fort.
It's actually more
of a tent, but--
You'll be fine.
Just radio me
if anything goes wrong.
Are you coming?
Me?
Yeah, it's your idea.
And I don't know
what I'm looking for.
Come on.
See you later, okay?
[uplifting orchestral music]
[kisses]
[dramatic music]
[distant sirens wailing]
[holiday Muzak playing]
Hi, can I look
at this one please?
Thank you.
It--it looks really
expensive.
Mom, it's babysitting money.
All right, it's like
being paid to study.
And I know we're not
doing Secret Santa
but I want to
get a gift for Dad
in case he shows up.
He's done it before.
Well, I just don't want
you to be disappointed again.
Well, it's a good thing
I've got thick skin.
Shouldn't have
to have thick skin.
He's been in the worst of it
for three years.
Mom, he's made sacrifices,
so should we.
Can I take that please?
Oh, here,
I'll put it on the card.
Just for the points. You can
pay me when I get the bill.
Sure. Okay.
How easy is it
to return this?
It's fine. As long as
it hasn't been worn.
It won't be.
Hey, Mom, I'm gonna go
find a present for Judy.
She told me to give
it to charity
but she's just trying
to make me look bad.
[grunting]
[groans]
How's Mom?
I thought you weren't
supposed to be talking.
Yeah, you'd like that,
wouldn't you?
Seriously, how is she?
She's--she's still out.
Breathing and her heart rate
is normal.
Keep talking.
Pretty high up on the list
of things I never thought
I'd hear you say.
Well, you must have some
books loaded on your phone.
Do you have anything good?
I, in fact, happen to have
some of the best books
ever written.
Complete Dickens,
complete Shakespeare--
Do you have anything...
trashy?
Why would I bring something
trashy to the new world?
We're here
to establish a colony
to expand the bounds
of human experience.
Hmm.
Well, they say
everyone should read
"Moby-Dick" before they die.
[soft dramatic music]
Don't say that.
Oh, do you have it?
Of course I have it.
Well, is it any good?
I don't know.
Um, I haven't
gotten to the "M's" yet.
Well, proceed.
"Call me Ishmael."
Okay...
Ishmael, if you insist.
Okay, first of all, that
wasn't even remotely funny,
and secondly, you're supposed
to be conserving oxygen.
So, quiet.
"Call me Ishmael.
"Some years ago, never mind
how long precisely..."
[dramatic music]
Just follow my lead.
I'm not sure
how stable this glacier is.
Don't want to fall down
a crevasse.
Wait--wait,
that could happen?
Just follow my lead.
So, uh...
So, what are
you into nowadays?
I mean, besides magnesium.
I'm--I'm not.
I just ended up testing
into the geology program.
Yeah, well, they do that.
You're good at something,
they make you do it.
I remember you used to
like baseball.
Yeah.
Yeah, I used to.
Models?
Does anyone
make models anymore?
I like to read.
[chuckles]
Jeez, I don't think
I've read anything
except instruction manuals
for... years.
[Uplifting music]
Oh, damn.
Yeah...
That--
that's a lot of magnesium.
Uh-huh.
What do you say we go get
some that isn't burning?
Come on.
"Fell into their shaggy
watch coats.
And with their heads muffled
in woolen--"
Penny!
What?
Mom.
Mom, easy.
Easy. Easy--easy--ea$Y-
[pained gasp]
Where's Will?
He went with Dad
to get some magnesium.
What?
[scoffs]
Whose idea was that?
Will's.
[wind whooshing]
What are we looking for?
It's that grayish
stuff there.
[distant rumbling]
That's what it looks like
before it ignites.
Hey, I'm...
I'm not gonna blow us up,
am I?
Not unless you make a spark.
KEY-
[grunts]
How long have we been gone?
Judy's got plenty of time.
Hey.
Ithappened.
It happened because
I froze up.
You jumped through
a lot of hoops
to get on this mission.
You earned your spot
just like everyone else.
I don't feel like
everyone else.
[soft music]
I think we've got enough
to get her out
Now let's get out of here
before it blows up.
[ice crashing]
[screaming]
[grunting]
Will!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[screams]
[grunts]
[radio clicks]
Will. Do you read me?
Will!
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Ahh!
It's getting worse,
isn't it?
Feels like
my leg is in a vice.
[breathes deeply]
Penny, I think
we should take a look.
"We"?
Does the skin
feel hard or soft?
Ahh.
[pained groaning]
Oh yeah.
Yeah, her leg is hard
as a rock.
Mom, I think you have
compartment syndrome.
Edema from the fracture
has created too much pressure
in your leg.
We have to release it.
Penny, gonna have to do
a little procedure, okay?
Uh, no, she's not.
I'll talk her through it.
It's your call.
Penny, there's
a combo syringe in the kit.
It's blue and white.
It'll knock her out.
[syringe hisses]
It's okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Is she out?
Kay, we have to do
a four compartment fasciotomy.
How hard is this procedure?
I've heard
it's pretty straightforward.
You've heard
it's pretty straight--
You mean you haven't
done this before?
Kay, lay out the scalpel
and--and plenty of gauze,
okay?
Okay.
Yeah, that's fine.
Kay, there are four spaces
in the lower leg
containing muscle
that are surrounded by fascia.
By What?
You know--okay, you know
that white stuff
you see when you eat steak?
That's fascia.
The red stuff, it's muscle.
Okay.
It's just like steak.
I like steak.
She's not Mom.
This is steak.
Yeah.
Now find the bone that
sticks out under the knee cap.
Move about
two fingers away from it
down on either side and...
cut all the way down.
Okay.
Cut all the way down to where?
All the way down
to her ankle.
Hah...
Penny, you have
to cut deep, okay.
[soft groan]
Until you see the muscle--
the steak, cut--
cut until you see the steak.
Oh, it's steak.
Okay--it's just...
really juicy piece of steak.
I'm done. Done!
I did it.
Great.
Now you only have
to do it three times more.
[brooding music]
[groans]
[electrical static hissing]
[radiQ beeps]
Dad?
Dad, come in.
Dad.
Dad!
[enchanting music]
[birds cawing]
Will, do you read me?
Will?
Yeah--yeah.
Yeah, I'm here.
Are you hurt?
No.
Oh, thank God.
Can you get back up here?
No.
I don't think so.
Okay, where are you?
What do you see?
Are you safe?
There's vegetation
all over the place.
So there's bound to be things
that eat the vegetation.
And...
things that eat those things.
Okay, just--just...
Don't touch anything.
Yeah, 'gust
get down here soon, okay?
Of course I will.
But, I--uh...
[wind whooshes]
It's gonna take some time.
Time your sister doesn't have.
Wait.
Wait, you're leaving?
I...
have to go help Judy first.
And then I'm turning around
and I'm coming
straight back here.
I'll be back soon.
I promise.
You're gonna be fine.
Will?
You got that?
You're gonna be fine.
Go save her.
You have to.
I'll be fine.
[soft laugh]
It's crazy that they built
this thing for real.
Some day we're gonna be on it.
You are.
Hey, the test results haven't
come in yet.
Wait until they do.
I froze up.
And...
the man giving the test
made a face
when I stepped
out of the tank.
He made a face at me too.
It's their job to make faces.
If I didn't pass...
That means they're gonna
make me stay behind.
So we need
to get something clear.
Look at me.
[gentle music]
There is a rule
that's written in stone
and it is never broken.
The Robinson's stick together.
What are you doing?
I'll just borrow your
manuals when they come in.
All right,
let's do this.
Do I paint first, or--
Use this to trim the edges.
To trim the edges.
Huh?
When you were little I always
loved to watch you sleep.
I don't think
you should be moving around.
Well, it's excellent work.
No, Judy did the hard part,
the studying and the exams.
You're all that matters,
you know.
You three.
It's why we left.
Because I wanted
to find a home
that was worthy of you.
We're gonna make it.
Of course, we are.
[breathes deeply]
Every problem has a solution.
[welding rod crackles]
Check modulations...
Commander Anderson
to Jupiter cargo six.
[beep]
[electronic hum]
[suspenseful music]
[beep]
[key clacks]
[sighs]
Hi, Will.
[clears throat]
So, uh, tell your sisters
that we're
going out for Mexican.
Yeah, I heard colony tortillas
leave a funny aftertaste
because of the hybrid corn.
Flaughs]
Yes.
We're celebrating.
[eerie music]
[animal bugles]
This is Will Robinson
of the "Jupiter 2."
Over.
[radio beeps]
Calling any survivors.
Come in.
Do you COPY?
[radio static hissing]
[radio beeps]
[sighs]
[enchanted music]
[radio beeps]
Hello.
Hello, is anyone there?
[eerie static]
[suspenseful music]
That's not a "Jupiter."
This is Will Robinson
of the 24th colonist group.
I'm making
a record of this
because it seems
I'm the first human
to discover evidence
of an alien intelligence.
It--it appears it crashed
when we did.
Why?
I don't know why.
I don't even know
why we crashed.
The--the ship has sustained
heavy amounts of damage
and appears to be
non-functional.
No sign of any...
pa--passengers.
[debris rustling]
[suspenseful music]
[thump]
Hello?
Anyone there?
[thump]
[dramatic music]
[panting]
[heavy thumping]
[startles]
[dramatic percussive music]
[thumping]
How--how--
how can you see me?
[mechanical clicking]
[blade slashes]
Ah!
[metallic blades whoosh]
No-no-no, no.
[wood splintering]
[breathing heavily]
Judy, I'm back.
I'm gonna get
you out of there.
Where's Will?
I'm gonna go back for him.
What?
What happened?
We got separated.
But he's okay.
What,
you just left him there?
I can only save
one child at a time.
[soft dramatic music]
Better get back.
[groans]
Penny, how much air
does she have left?
68 minutes.
Judy.
Close your eyes.
Keep 'em closed.
Ah.
[hopeful music]
Wow.
It's working.
It was Will's idea.
Yeah.
I know.
He thinks he doesn't
deserve to be here.
I'll discuss that with him
the next time I see him.
When do you think
that might be?
Alpha squad...
[indistinct chatter]
Thanks.
[cell phone beeps]
Hey.
H9)'-
You're not that easy
to find these days.
Yeah, well,
it's the way they like it.
Well, with everything
that's going on.
Right.
How are the kids?
Everybody's fine.
They miss me?
I don't know.
Why are you calling?
Wave good news.
We have been accepted
into the 24th colonist group.
Wow.
Yeah.
What's the timetable on that?
Um, a month.
I mean, the kids
performed sensationally.
You should be really
proud of them.
I am-- I am,
of course I am.
So I sent you some papers,
and--I just need you
to sign them
and send them back.
So you're finally filing
for divorce?
No--|...
Thatdoesn%
seem necessary anymore.
I need your permission
so that they can go.
You want to take
my kids away from me?
You already left, John.
Not for forever.
After everything
that's happened,
you have this one chance
to do what's best for them.
Just“
sign the papers, please.
This isn't about us.
[phone beeps]
[mechanical groaning]
[radio beeps]
Dad.
[electric static warbles]
Dad, this is Will.
Do you read me?
[metallic blade whooshes]
I'm kind of in
a lot of danger here.
Probably not
as much danger as before
but definitely still
in danger.
[eerie static shrieks]
That noise.
I've heard it before.
It's coming from your ship.
Isn't it?
[wood crackles]
Who knows if you
can even understand me.
[soft music]
[insect chittering]
Whoa.
[electronic humming]
Guess you've never seen
anything like that either.
My name's Will Robinson,
by the way.
[mechanical humming]
Wait.
What's happening to
your lights?
[soft electrical sputtering]
[soft mechanical groan]
[somber music]
Oh.
You're dying.
Aren't you?
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
It's working, honey.
Hold tight.
Oh, God.
That feels good.
It's like my hand's
been asleep for a month.
Naughs]
It's okay,
the feeling will come back.
Magnesium.
Torch.
Kay.
Close your eyes.
[flame hisses]
[sizzling]
KEY-
[flame flutters]
[thunder booms]
[rain patters]
It's--it's raining.
It's raining.
Dad!
Oh no--no--no!
Act quick!
It's filling up!
It's not raining, is it?
[gasping]
[radio clicks]
Yes, it is.
[rain pattering]
Mom, the temperature
is dropping.
No!
Give me the magnesium.
[thunder rumbles]
[lighter clicks, flicking]
Damn it!
[alarm beeps]
[radio beeps]
We're gonna get you out.
[sobbing]
She's strong.
She has more time.
Dig!
Come on!
I'm coming, baby!
[grunts]
[panicked breaths]
Dad.
Dad, come in.
Dad, there's a fire and...
and I can't get out.
Dad.
[radio beeps]
Dad, come in.
[stomping]
[forlorn music]
[mechanical humming]
[mechanical thrumming]
No point in you dying too.
[wood creaks]
[metallic thud]
[sighs]
[crying]
[triumphant music]
Thanks.
[ominous music]
[mechanical clanking]
All: [grunting]
[sobbing]
Tell Will it's not his fault.
He's--he's gonna be--
Don't talk.
Just don't talk.
Dad!
[alarm beeping]
I'm here.
I'm here, baby.
We're here.
We're right here.
[Crying]
[alarm beeping]
It's okay.
We're here.
[crying]
[ominous music]
What's that?
What is that?
[gasps]
It's okay!
Will!
It's okay.
He's...
He's with me.
[gasping]
[sobbing]
Danger, Will Robinson.
[dramatic music]
Can you help her?
Please?
[triumphant music]
[whimpering]
[ice sizzling]
[gasping]
L9°tY0U-lgotyou.
[panicked whimpering]
LQOtyQu_ Judy!
Breathe.
Breathe, baby.
All: [laughing]
It's okay. It's okay.
[crying]
Can you do something
so we don't freeze?
[hopeful music]
[indistinct PA speaking]
[alarms blaring]
Thank you for
remaining calm.
Just make sure
it's over, right?
[indistinct chatter]
It's just
a temporary evacuation.
I'm sure they'll have
the damage repaired soon.
Where's Mary?
We need to stay together--
Seems like an overreaction.
[speaking
in foreign language]
The sooner we seal
the breach, sooner we can
get back to bitching
about being underpaid.
We're being paid a fortune.
Eh, that was before
we had a chance
of being sucked out
into space.
[alarm blaring]
[eerie music]
[people screaming]
[laser shoots]
[explosion]
Get down.
Get down!
It's coming--
it's killing everybody!
It?
[panicked screams]
[laser booming]
[indistinct shouting]
Get 'em off!
Get 'em off! Help me please!
Oh God.
Let me help you.
Here.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Get your coat off.
Can you walk?
No, I can't walk.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Wait--wait.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
What?
What are you doing?
Don't leave me here!
Come back!
All resident colonists
please proceed
to your assigned Jupiter pods.
We need to
get off this ship.
No!
The Jupiters are
for families only.
Will you marry me?
flaughs]
Come on.
Hey.
You fixing this?
Yeah.
Yeah--yeah.
This one's yours?
It's fixed.
It's good to go.
[electronic beep]
See?
There you go.
All resident colonists
please proceed
to your assigned Jupiter pods.
Thank you for remaining calm.
There's always room
for a mechanic or two.
Great! What about the rest
of your family?
They won't be coming.
Oh, sorry,
Miss...
Doctor.
Doctor Smith.
[dramatic music]
[explosions booming]
[thrusters whoosh]
[thrusters sputtering]
[intense whooshing]
[explosion]
[gravity warbling]
[dramatic music]